fix: replace IsEqual with Equal (#14739)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

### Bug Fixes

> * (x/auth x/bank x/distribution x/gov x/slashing x/staking x/group) [#14739](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/14739) Replace the method Coin.IsEqual with Coin.Equal. The main difference between the two methods is that the first one rise a panic when denoms are not equal. This panic lead to unexpected behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (types/coin) [#14739](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/14739) Replace the method Coin.IsEqual with Coin.Equal. The difference between the two methods is that the first one results in a panic when denoms are not equal. This panic lead to unexpected behaviour
```
